welcome to Chiefs kitchen today I'm
gonna make cheese masala dosa these are
the ingredients that you'll be needing
for making this dosa dosa batter create
a cheese I'm using a mulches here you
can use any cheese you want and the
masala
I'll show you have to make this masala
these are the ingredients that you'll be
needing for making the masala
for the veggies I'm gonna use grated
cabbage carrot and then boiled potatoes
finely chopped onion ginger garlic paste
finely chopped green chillies and
coriander for the spices I will be using
chili powder coriander powder garam
masala and salt to taste the pan is hot
and I'm adding oil
and spread the oil
add green chillies
and saute for a few seconds
add finely chopped onion and saute till
they turn brown
next add ginger-garlic paste & let it
cook till the raw smell of the ginger
garlic paste goes away
next I'm adding half a spoon of chili
powder half a spoon of coriander powder
and half a spoon of garam masala
add a little bit of water to deglaze the
pan and also cook the spices
after it's cooked add about one to two
teaspoons of mashed potato
and the grated cabbage and carrots
I'm adding a little bit of water so the
veggies would get cooked and get blended
so the masala is ready
Java's hot
and I'm going to start making dosa
for crispier edges I'm adding some oil
next spread the masala onto the dosa
next time spreading cheese
and some coriander leaves
leave it for a few minutes for the
cheese to get melted
and finally fold the dosa
so your cheese masala dosa is ready
thanks so much for watching